"Do your best and god will do rest " Sunil Ghimire (Samlin)

"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." James Cameron

"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." Henry David Thoreau

"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." John Wooden

"Entrepreneurs average 3.8 failures before final success. What sets the successful ones apart is their amazing persistence." Lisa M. Amos

"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." Jim Rohn

"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." James Dean

"Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." Frank Tyger

"Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want." Alan Cohen

"We forge the chains we wear in life." Charles Dickens

"Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing." Albert Schweitzer

"A leader is a dealer in hope." Napoleon

"I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself." Robert E. Lee

"No guts, no story." Chris Brady

"Leadership is an action, not a position." Donald McGannon

"Surround yourself with great people; delegate authority; get out of the way." Ronald Reagan

"'Enough' is a feast." Buddhist proverb

"If you count all your assets, you always show a profit." Robert Quillen

"Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things." Robert Brault

"When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around." Willie Nelson

"It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment." Naomi Williams

"It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves." Sir Edmund Hillary

"To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance." Oscar Wilde

"You yourself, as much as anyone in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." Buddha

"To anyone that ever told you you're no good ... They're no better." Hayley Williams

"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." Chinese proverb

"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." Florence Nightingale

"The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity." Amelia Earhart

"Do it or not. There is no try." Yoda

"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." Lao Tzu

"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." Ayn Rand

"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." Steve Jobs

"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." Confucius

"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." Tony Robbins

"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." Maya Angelou

"You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take." Wayne Gretzky